Erin Smith: Hello, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting your video online. I'm going to open up
Gwenevere Abriel: Your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like your name though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that's beautiful. I love it.
Erin Smith: Yeah, it's for some reason it said the video was like slashed out. I don't know why, but now it's on.
Beautiful.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hasn't been too long since we've seen each other. Let's just see how has it been since we last met what what have been your notice things about yourself, since we last met
Erin Smith: I'm sorry, let me just adjust a little
Erin Smith: Bit.
Erin Smith: Well, I work most of the while I worked all weekend um it, I noticed that I think I had a little bit more patience, I did see Julian of it and I you know I just, it didn't bother me.
Erin Smith: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's, so interesting that you weren't in it that way that you have more patience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your patience was never in question.
Erin Smith: Well,
Erin Smith: She snippet. I was getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you get it. You like I was okay.
Erin Smith: And I was feeling frustrated and
Erin Smith: I don't really know the right word. I'm just
Erin Smith: Anxious. Not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you getting close to being angry.
Erin Smith: Think angry. Was it mostly I just felt small, I guess.
Erin Smith: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so it's interesting, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt patient was she snippy
Erin Smith: Not as bad. No, she was a little bit snippy on Saturday morning, but not not terrible. And then I actually ended up having to go into the clinic last night and help her out with a surgery. So she was pretty nice during that
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are around her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling less activated same activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Threatened
Gwenevere Abriel: Scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distressed DO YOU REMEMBER PHYSICALLY having a different response in her proximity, or is it feeling it up. Same it's feeling different
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me a little bit about what felt right. That's the somatic response. What felt different around when you're right near her potential for snappiness what felt different
Erin Smith: So I felt more relaxed. I didn't feel like I had to move away from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you labeled it that you were more patient
Erin Smith: Yeah, she was probably repeat
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was gonna say, I just think it's so cute because I'm like someone that needs patience is this lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you identify you identify less frustrated. This time, and did you feel bigger like I didn't get small in her presence. Did you notice you could maintain your size maintain
Yourself.
Erin Smith: Yeah yeah not
Gwenevere Abriel: Collapse not shrink.
Erin Smith: Yep me
Gwenevere Abriel: Was really cool that imagery that you use with the word small
Erin Smith: That's, that's exactly how it felt. And then yesterday in the I didn't collapse it all just like you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Maybe you got to be the adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Right because interest psychically in sort of that Friday and model. I tend to use transactional analysis when I use it the ego states, I use a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: adult and child. The child and maybe we can get into that a little bit today if it, if it's organic. That makes sense, our child state sort of represents all those emotions you know so excited so jealous so angry so scared so happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the parent state is typically the way I think of it and you've got a strong one and you
Gwenevere Abriel: You shouldn't make a mistake right now where where that came from course that's the big piece of the trauma work we're doing. But there it sits. Nonetheless, this doctrine of the perfect or else like it's a real strong waggle like it's really firm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so typically, and it's pretty common for people
Gwenevere Abriel: To flip back and forth between these two ego states this better get it right, should better off half to you recognize it in your language. I must we shift between that rigidity to
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotion of the child. These two, bam, bam, bam, and what psychotherapy can do. And maybe you caught a glimpse of that when you're a with little Smitty Lillian or whatever name is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you kind of glimpse of maybe your adult
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not. I mean, I didn't get small
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. And an adult is patient an adult in the middle can moderate and say oh jeez, to the parent, like this, like, oh, that's just too rigid. Nobody can reach that kind of perfectionism knocking off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we can do that. Yeah. And then we can look at the child and say what's going on. What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's give out some words, you don't know how to describe it. Well, this is what, this is what it feels like for me I nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you feel nervous. Like, I don't want to go to jail. Want to go experiment and walk around and check things out. Yeah. Okay. Well, this is what we do you see the adult sits here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it manages both at all times. We're constantly moving managing the needs and demands and needs and demands and needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's you, in your adult ego state.
Gwenevere Abriel: In my world view right that's kind of the ideal.
Erin Smith: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a shameless about and I basically, you know, I mean, I just say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people they look at me like, Yeah, I kind of understand intellectually what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they feel themselves moving between these two so much that it feels foreign but I think you caught a glimpse of that where you held on to your truth and didn't get small
Erin Smith: Yeah, that's, I think that's right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean you didn't go. You should be more patient, you didn't start lecturing Jillian. Did you didn't give her right you weren't persecuting no and you didn't collapse into all that emotion you stood
Gwenevere Abriel: In your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's exciting because that right. You get to have a whole lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you get to move in it. They it's not one or the other. It's, it's, it's a flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's needed now who a lot of discipline. Does the little guy know a lot about discipline, those little self know
Gwenevere Abriel: The one the parent knows lots about discipline. So we might check into their, what can we do that's. Oh, that's right. I've got to make sure my licensure. I've got to pay those, you got to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you choose. And it doesn't feel like it's an imperative. You get to decide what energy is needed because some days the adult may decide
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to feel my feelings. I don't want to cut myself off from them, they're valuable to they informed on what's important to you, they let you know where your values are not there.
Erin Smith: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if that child state right has been cut off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's all this other stuff. It's all this
Gwenevere Abriel: Unwanted scary history unfold. We're cutting off enthusiasm and exuberance and creativity and all that spot and at that comes from the child self. We're cutting ourselves off from
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really want that either.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you buy into my hypothesis.
Erin Smith: Will know it sounds right.
Yeah.
Erin Smith: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's kind of hold that framework that site sort of psycho dynamic framework. And let me just see if we can build, see if you're up for it today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can build
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, let me go down here and make sure we've actually started it, you already start her anchor room. We did. Yeah, we did. Okay, see how far you got in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, we already have our anchor room gunner metaphors you you're kicking butt.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let us review.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was there today or she was there yesterday, you've actually you were thinking maybe she wasn't gonna be there much at all. You've had two more opportunities to be around her. So that's kind of cool as a from a classroom perspective.
Erin Smith: Was actually three opportunities. So I saw her on
Erin Smith: Saturday morning, Sunday night and Monday night she worked Friday night.
Erin Smith: Sunday night and Monday night, I worked, Saturday, Sunday day and I had to go into the clinic for one of my dogs last night. So, and she needed help with something. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you remember an opportunity where
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a choice to over
Gwenevere Abriel: Volunteer
Gwenevere Abriel: And you opted out or maybe you decided to go ahead and do it. But you can you picture because I know she asked you to help with something. But
Gwenevere Abriel: We are you still in contact with your own limitations of resources like time and energy, an emotional boundaries. Do you remember any moment where you were like, Hmm, I have a choice here I can over give over volunteer, which is what I typically do or
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have that to give, I might
Gwenevere Abriel: GET EXHAUSTED or some people go to resentment. If they over give I don't haven't heard you do that, but maybe you do
Erin Smith: Know. Um, no I don't generally go to resentment I there was a
Erin Smith: Time, not too long ago where I had just worked too many shifts in a row. And I was exhausted and I couldn't come in and help out that and I just said, I can't do it. It's not good for the patient and I'm not going to be down with the top so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's setting a limit. And what about over these last three encounters with her seat and take your time on this, let's really work hard. See if you can catch up, even if it's just a little glimmer
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you could have
Gwenevere Abriel: Over helped or gotten in their volunteer to do more something and you didn't see if you can find a tiny moment or a big ones.
Erin Smith: With her specifically
Mm hmm.
Erin Smith: Is this this last week. I mean, honestly, I don't see her all that often. This last weekend and the one before it, we're kind of the first time in a long time that I've really dealt with her much um
Erin Smith: Well,
Erin Smith: If she went on vacation, not that long ago. Well, in September of last year. So a little while ago. She went to Hawaii. And the way that vacation worked for us at the time.
Erin Smith: Is we would get a vacation stipend, but we didn't actually get vacation time so you had to kind of switch your shifts so that you could have time off, you know, in a row.
Erin Smith: Um, and it and when she went to Hawaii. There was a couple of shifts that I couldn't work for her and she had asked me if I could. And I told her I just couldn't and she had to find somebody else. And she did so.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's prior to some of the work that we've done. Let's look at on these last three days they're hard to find. I know I'm going to brainstorm a little bit with you and then maybe you'll catch one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she's standing next to me and I'm there to maybe help cover a chef, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Erin Smith: Well, these, these, these were my shifts from this weekend we're talking about this this weekend. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard to catch so I'm really pushing hard for it, see if we can find some pieces where you held on because I already heard a little bit about where you stayed in your adult and
Gwenevere Abriel: The automatic training would be to look for opportunities right to ingratiate yourself or something. But you don't know if you did. So that's where I'm kind of just doing a little investigation. So she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Working where she in the other office. She's doing her thing you guys right next to each other, kind of, what does it look like in that setting.
Erin Smith: Was thinking
Erin Smith: So like, let's go with I think probably Sunday night's gonna be the best because it was really busy. So I was coming off and she was coming on. So I stepped off the floor in the office and she was taking over the floor. And I say usually
Erin Smith: All kind of stay on the floor. I rounded off my patients pretty quick to her, um, once I had them all straightened out there was a couple that came pretty late. So I had to. I had it took a little bit of time before I could round them off. Um, but I rattle them off pretty quick and then
Erin Smith: Off. Usually what I'll do is I'll stay on the floor and especially for the really sick patients and I had a couple really sick ones I'm
Erin Smith: Not really all kind of micromanage them and I you know if the texts have questions about some of the treatments, rather than letting the new doctor just take over. I kind of hover and
Erin Smith: That kind of thing. Um, but I stepped off the floor. This weekend and when they came and asked me questions. I told him I was like I already round it to Julie didn't go ask her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You found one. That's fantastic. Now, that's my judgment of it right but was that like walking on the moon for you.
Erin Smith: Let me walk
Erin Smith: For a heart.
Erin Smith: Yes. FOREIGN. Okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice we I kept encouraging to look for evidence
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you protected your resources, your time, your sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were very intentional. I'm going to do the job. I'm not going to be sort of acting in an automatic way which is to
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure there's just no way anyone can ever say anything that I've messed up. Right. That is an automatic conditioning and we know where that came from. We touched on it lightly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't sound like you did it on Sunday. It sounds like you did your job, great job. And did you end up
Gwenevere Abriel: Having like some pride about that because I didn't remember it five minutes ago. But now, do you feel proud that you protected your emotional space your resources of time and all of that. Do you see that are my, the only one, proud of you.
Erin Smith: Um, no. I mean, it definitely made for a shorter night which I like because usually, I'd be there really late I was still there kinda late, just because I had those two cases come in kind of last minute but um
Erin Smith: I was, I had was exhausted from the day before. And so I just, I felt like I just, if I had done that I just couldn't, I couldn't do it anymore. It was partly a I was so exhausted that I didn't want it to be that way. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, just add that to the recipe, maybe of understanding that you can justify
Gwenevere Abriel: protecting yourself when you're absolutely exhausted, which necessitates that you are absolutely
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So, it sets that pattern up
Erin Smith: Yeah, so probably we should do that before I get exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that would feel like walking on Mars, not just moon like
Gwenevere Abriel: So only you're going to know where that stretching point is it'll be a little uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be able to do even more. Because I've been doing it more. But you, you find that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see exhaustion is 12 hours away from now I can see exhaustion is six hours away from now I can see exhaustion is three hours away from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't want to get to exhaustion to justify that I deserve to protect my resources of sanity sleep leisure hobbies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can protect my time. Now I can be intentional about it now. I wonder what would that say about the value of myself. What would that say to me, that might be a new space.
Erin Smith: Will increase myself value. Right. Oh, because I have to read it in order to protect it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And most people think, well first I have to value myself and then I'll protect it. But ironically
Gwenevere Abriel: If you fake it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It builds. Oh, that went well the world did not collapse. It turns out people can do their job to they do. Okay. And, you know, I was not attacked
Gwenevere Abriel: It right and then we get to relax into the next time of just a tiny bit more, a little bit more and then out of rehearsal. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm heading out I you guys do good care. I trust Jeff done arounds. See you when I'm fresh
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to know where that is that line is I can't know what that is where that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how it's playing out with this exhausted right here. Here it's here like you wait till it's like right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe, maybe three hours away six hours away. You just know it's going to, and that might be a time
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you can start to look inward and say, is this an opportunity for me to be intentional to set good healthy boundaries. This reinforces a message to myself that I have intrinsic value that I am worth as much as anybody else my resources, my time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what happens, you might end up saying, No, I'm not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then come back in here and tell me, but you know it's an experiment to see what happens. Like, I completely forgot, I ended up getting exhausted again and we do that for another six months or not, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be curious to know if that's one of the next steps for us closer and closer getting a sense of I have the right just like anybody else to follow a shift and to to do these these rounds quickly like other people do effectively, but quickly because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to go insane.
Erin Smith: You know well and it will be good. This week, it will be good practice. I think I don't see Jillian this weekend. She's actually off this weekend.
Erin Smith: But I'm I'm working the overnight shifts with a different set of technicians this weekend that are less experienced and have been a little bit slower about things. I had been getting frustrated with them earlier. And then I didn't work with them at all in February.
Erin Smith: And then this is my first time back with them after a month. So we'll see how things go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that
Gwenevere Abriel: Those ego states that I was kind of using a metaphor by saying the parents up here with his waggling finger and the child is sort of all those big emotions sort of represents the emotional life of our psyche
Gwenevere Abriel: And the adults, the moderator that balances the needs of each
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look ahead. Let's see if we can play with this as a model of change to look ahead to these
Gwenevere Abriel: Tex look ahead to the future. They don't really have as much experience. Let's triage and see what might go wrong because you've, you've talked about. I want to work on boundaries at work. That's a goal you set for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry yours or bed this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Get what, in your head. Like what's the worst thing that could happen, what's uh
Gwenevere Abriel: I might get irritated or I might. I don't know what your, your, your concerns are. But, but tell me what you think might happen.
Erin Smith: Mm hmm. Well, can we just use like good case example I guess I've had in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally. Okay.
Erin Smith: So like a dog that is in respiratory distress.
Erin Smith: Let's say laryngeal paralysis. So needs to be anesthetized and intubated, pretty much as soon as possible.
Erin Smith: They just the one don't recognize the in the past they haven't recognized the breathing pattern. And it's a pretty classic breathing breathing pattern, pretty much. This is one of those cases where as soon as it walks in the door. You know what it is.
Erin Smith: Oh, it's obvious.
Erin Smith: Yeah, I'm in so they don't move as fast up front, getting the dog back and then getting the meds out to get the dog anesthetize in intubated, they just kind of drag their feet, that kind of thing.
Erin Smith: It's because what's happening with these texts that I've noticed is they're very much perfectionist.
Erin Smith: I know they have that. Yeah, it's, that's what it seems like at least because they want to do everything.
Erin Smith: Just right and it has to, you know, the shape job for the IV catheter has to look perfect and Bobo, well, but in emergency medicine, there's not always room for that sometimes you just need the IBM place and the drugs on board, you know, you just have to do a fast instead of perfect
Erin Smith: And then you can always come back.
Erin Smith: Once the dog stable and fix things but
Erin Smith: So, so that's what I think we've struggled with most is trying is this perfectionist quality that a lot of them have
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're probably pretty good at recognizing it which it sounds like you are. You have a bit of it in yourself, but you can differentiate the value of quality work from urgent.
Erin Smith: Right right yeah and and they cringe. I remember telling them one time I'm you listening.
Erin Smith: It's not worth doing, unless you do it right, I remember telling him that's that's completely accurate because if if something needs to happen fast. It just needs to happen. It doesn't need to be completely perfect
Erin Smith: Or if you try to do a perfect and it takes too much time your patients did
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and they cringed
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Yeah, happen right is now and they don't quite that doesn't match up with them. So it really does sound like
Gwenevere Abriel: They their TECHNICIANS. YOU'RE A physician and they can't recognize the urgency, it might just be ignorance. It might just be a lack of training and knowledge of course that's what distinguishes the physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. So, but they're. The first is that hit the patient right
Erin Smith: Yeah, yeah. Because when the patient walks in the front or reception is actually the first one that talks to the owner, because they asked you know what's going on with and they have a list of
Erin Smith: Probably 2025 different things that they're supposed to call a stat triage for them. The technician is supposed to go up immediately and kind of assess the patient.
Erin Smith: Quickly and decide if it needs to come straight back to see me or if it can go through the normal physical exam and the real with the owner, so
Erin Smith: Because a lot of owners don't want to be separated from their pets. So I try not to, if I can help it. But if they're critical than I have to. I know.
Erin Smith: So, picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: We talk over each other. Sometimes I never mean to do that. And so, sorry.
Erin Smith: Though you
Gwenevere Abriel: You have technicians that can recognize the respiratory distress. Right. Yo, some
Erin Smith: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some that don't. Is this so relevant so pressing so frequent, it might be worth re educating these folks that don't get it, do you think that that might be important in this that kind of what you want to do.
Erin Smith: I and I did actually view after this happened because I had this scenario happened actually. And so I did. I went through videos of what it looks like and all that. So I'm hoping that things will go smoother. This time around with them.
Erin Smith: Because I have. I've gone through several different
Erin Smith: Types of disease processes that really are just like path on pneumonic like there's nothing else it can be. And if you see it like it's obvious. Okay, so
Erin Smith: Um, we've gone through that. And so hopefully this weekend will be a little bit smoother and they'll understand a little bit more, but I know that the issue also is and this happens sometimes a veterinary medicine is you get hung up on you know the cutest patient
Erin Smith: Well, the cutest night shifts might not be the most thick patient
Erin Smith: And so like this last weekend. I know there was some struggle with, you know, getting our critical treatments done because we had some other patients there that we're not quite as critical but you know everybody wanted to play with them. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My god.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have just never heard this as part of a medical care issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I guess what
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Given, it makes sense, right, because I guess humans, it could be the same kind of thing. Like you might
Gwenevere Abriel: Be drawn to spend more time with someone that you have sort of that that bond with or connection or something. I could see that. But it's sorry I couldn't help but laugh. I was just picturing this little puppy is cute little animal or something that they wanted to hang out with more
Erin Smith: That's pretty much exactly what it was.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see where this was an example of boundaries of how boundaries played into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did it go sideways like so far I haven't heard any sideways. I haven't heard where a boundary issue came out. You are knowledgeable. You did retraining. Where do you see that there was a boundary issue on your side. How so,
Erin Smith: Well, they got pretty upset. I think they don't like.
They felt
Erin Smith: There was a couple
Erin Smith: Well, I'm trying to think of how to phrases. So, um,
Erin Smith: They had been all of them are somewhat new somewhat green. There's one that is on this shift that's been there for about a year. Sorry. HE'S KICKING THE COMPUTER um
Erin Smith: Who's been there about a year. So she should know quite a bit, because that's that's a decent amount of time, really, um,
Erin Smith: And so, but then there's quite a few on the shift that are fairly green and fairly new. So I'm I don't expect them to know everything, but they need to, you know, I have to
Erin Smith: correct them. And I do it nicely and just kind of. Matter of fact, Lee in order to let them that way they can learn, you know,
Erin Smith: Um, and there's this one assistant on the shift to had been going through a lot in her personal life, you know, she had a grandmother died and
Erin Smith: I think her son. I don't remember everything but she was going through a lot. And so what was happening. And she was brand new, and what was happening was
Erin Smith: Everybody else on the shift was babying her so if she did something incorrectly that rather than teaching her that it was incorrect and how to do it right. They just redid it for her without, you know, two words to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: For how long was that going on.
Erin Smith: That was going on for probably a month.
Erin Smith: Okay, um, that's enough time, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a little long but
Erin Smith: I know well so so then I work with them. This one night and she brings me some blood work and it's our protocol to always run electrolytes with every blood work.
Erin Smith: It and she just hadn't. So I just asked her nicely. I was like, okay, there's no electrolytes on this. Can you please go rerun it with the electrolytes and I had two technicians.
Erin Smith: pull me aside that night and tell me that she was going through something at home and that I'm we needed to be nice that I needed to be nicer to her.
Erin Smith: Which all in all, was one frustrating for me because
Erin Smith: The technicians themselves aren't supposed to talk to me like that. And I think the only reason that they did is because I try really hard to make it an environment where they can come to me with concerns, but if I was any other doctors. There's no way they would have done that.
Erin Smith: I'm into. All I did was asked her to do a job.
Erin Smith: Okay.
Erin Smith: Yeah, I honestly her
Erin Smith: If the lead technician her actual like boss had been there or if this continued happening. She lost she lose her job so
Erin Smith: Rather than babying her through it, which I don't think is helpful to her and just doing it for her asking somebody else to do it since she didn't do it right. I think it's more helpful to her to have her learn the job.
Erin Smith: And I'm
Erin Smith: That way she's not at risk for losing it in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what this is such a great example. Now I see why you picked it for the boundary discussions really a good ones rich. So your part.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like you're aware that you set chorus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means there's little holes in there in that screen, you set the porous boundary, because you would prefer to have a comfortable working environment where it's not heavily weighted on authority and a hierarchy you prefer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You treat people respectfully you right you don't really identify better than you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want those types. It has a downside, doesn't it.
Erin Smith: Yes.
Erin Smith: Well I versa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the interesting thing, and this is always the message. People are always surprised and doesn't matter how many times I say it the person
Gwenevere Abriel: That sort of recognizes boundary is the one that sets it and you don't just set it once you're responsible for setting it all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: People will push you as far as you set them, they'll push, push, push, push, push. So if you can see what the discomfort, maybe of saying I set the precedent.
Gwenevere Abriel: The upside
Gwenevere Abriel: Is we you know we get to kind of share comfortably. We can crack jokes. We don't have to tiptoe around each other, we can kind of talk comfortably and I'll pitch in. If I have time and
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have an open door policy. I'm not sure what the pieces are. But the downside is
Gwenevere Abriel: So listen to these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll play it out like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch us
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a technicians name just the one that went and took your side.
Erin Smith: Evelyn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even ever like forever.
Erin Smith: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure what have done to create, you know, an environment that you would sort of address me in such a familiar intimate way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've enjoyed working with you on a professional level and and as well as said other technician grieving.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the expectation for people's work performance continues. I think you're capable. I think she's capable and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there something that I've said that you could talk to me in this way in such a familiar intimate way so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not telling you how to do it. But what I'm doing is showing through this language and saying, This person speaking to you in an intimate familiar way, you don't have lunch with her. You don't have dinner with her. You don't go bowling with her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a couple ways that in a workplace. People can play with those. And we can either state it like that. We can apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're okay with the apology is really risky for people that are over apologies and apologizes and they go into shame and so I don't really recommend that for people
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you're if it's free flowing. It's a nice easy out for someone else. So they're not uncomfortable because then we blame ourselves. It's a nice sneaky way of basically saying you're getting too close.
Gwenevere Abriel: respect them position. You don't have to respect me. But the position itself demands that when it comes to moments of critical decisions that you're going to need to rely on me and I need to maintain that space, right. So it's necessary. There has to be that
Erin Smith: Yeah.
Up the training.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that familiar piece. So just now, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a statement. It's a question or an apology to go about it in three different ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the key words in this have to do with familiar or intimate maybe intimates kind of too weird. But it's definitely not words we would ever use. We would like we would never say those words in the workplace. It's like bizarre. It's like out of nowhere. Well, so is their behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't Belong and reset. You're going to reset. Now, what this doesn't talk about Aaron is
Gwenevere Abriel: The possible thing in the background of I want to be liked. I have no idea what your need for that pieces but we'll kind of shelf it for a second and just see what comes up for you whether you would want to make a statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask a question or apologize, which one seems like you'd be more interested in giving it a try. In here just us playing out
Erin Smith: I can tell you what I did. Do I made a mistake I made us. So the next day, because that night had just gone so terrible and to have the technicians had pulled me aside.
Erin Smith: To complain about the greatest and um, and they had messed up so many triage is that were critical they missed. And so anyway, we and I didn't have any cases.
Erin Smith: Actually come in the very next night we had it. So we had a I spent three hours. That's when we kind of did the retraining piece. So we went through a couple cases, um,
Erin Smith: How to Do we just redid the retraining piece. But before that, I kind of i well i didn't kind of I made a statement saying I forgot. It was this was a little while ago is probably about a month ago. So I'm trying to remember what I said, but, um, it basically amounted to
Erin Smith: The kind of respect the position that you were
Erin Smith: Saying
Erin Smith: That there's that kind of thing.
Erin Smith: But I remember exactly how it went. It was also i mean i worded it diplomatically.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure
Erin Smith: I'm sure you did mindful. Yeah, I'm
Positive
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did it. How was it received
Erin Smith: Well, I thought they had gone very well. Um, it felt good. They asked questions. You know, it was an interactive conversation. It wasn't like me sitting there lecturing them.
Erin Smith: Um I you know I at that time I invited him, I was like okay so now when we're having this kind of meeting. Now, I invite your concerns. You know, when I asked for them. Then I want them. But so we talked it out like it went well. So I thought it was good. Um,
Erin Smith: But I think that they also get a little bit intimidated by me. Um, I
Erin Smith: I treat some pretty hard cases and they've told me that they're intimidated by me and I that makes it hard for them because then when they're nervous. They can't do their jobs as well. And I certainly don't mean to make them nervous or intimidate them by any means.
Erin Smith: But I can't change the way
Gwenevere Abriel: I know but
Gwenevere Abriel: You just taught me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really I have questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm intimidated you treat difficult cases. So what I did with that was Aaron, your experience and training means
Gwenevere Abriel: You're confident to handle like stuff that I in my wildest dreams. I've never thought I would run into these kind of cases and you seem to know just what to do now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in all I'm envious I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Impressed
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm proud to work with someone so confident now that's me. They're intimidated and pulling back
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know where that space happens. I can't quite see where are they, pulling back and not asking questions that would serve this patient better and you and working as a team with I don't I don't quite see
Gwenevere Abriel: Why they're pulling back because you're knowledgeable, how they don't think they have access, what are they supposed to have access to, in the absence of intimidation, what would they be doing. There we go. I think I got it. What would they be doing in the absence of intimidation.
Erin Smith: Well, no, I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ya, imagine that they didn't feel intimidated by you and your there's this really hard case, what would they be doing
Erin Smith: So they do all the technical work. So, placing the IV is drawing the blood
Erin Smith: Getting all the meds. So I write the orders and they do all the technical work. So there's procedures that I do that they don't do you know like if it needs a chest tube or something like that but but for a lot of it.
Erin Smith: And where she when she told me she felt intimidated was
Erin Smith: Sometimes it's like you know 3am it can sometimes just be me and a technician. And so if something needs a blood draw, then I'm helping them draw the blood, and it's not a big deal. They draw blood all the time.
Erin Smith: But for whatever reason, when I'm around they feel intimidated and they aren't as good at hitting the veins someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone told you that. Are you observe that when you're there, they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: hit those well
Erin Smith: She told me that
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Now see if you can identify. You ever been around someone who you're like oh my gosh, are so they're so good. I want to be good to
Gwenevere Abriel: Like yeah, do you remember, maybe you were in training or something like that.
Erin Smith: Maybe your confidence was higher.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were by yourself. Yeah.
Erin Smith: I understand how they feel. I just, I don't know how to fix it.
Erin Smith: Okay, because I don't, I'm not. And I told her I was like I'm by no means judging you. I know everybody has a bad day. Sometimes when it comes to hitting things like that's not something we can fix. Sometimes you just have a bad day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they're harder. Yeah, right. They just
Erin Smith: Hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Erin Smith: Yeah, there's nobody that's perfect all the time and and honestly, by no means am I judging them when they're drawing
Erin Smith: So like that's not anything that's going through my head. I don't like drawing blood I I don't like doing the sticking at all ever um you know i that that's that's not fun. I don't think but
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you just found your
Gwenevere Abriel: End. I think he just found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I just had this warm fuzzy feeling when you said that
Gwenevere Abriel: I just felt needed. I just felt really valuable. All of a sudden
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Erin Smith: She's my told her that, too. And she told me
Erin Smith: I told her I was like this is not a big deal if you miss
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that part, not the mess up part. Nope, that's not what gave me the warm, fuzzy. It was when you said I don't like doing this part. I love that you guys are so good at this.
You see,
Erin Smith: Whoo. Yeah.
Erin Smith: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would wonder if that helps them kind of lean into oh this is I have this to offer. I'm really good at this. I if they have that to offer to you. I wonder if they may be reinforcing that piece of it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Like out of the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before the nervousness happens. Well, I'm so glad you're in the room. I can, I can turn my attention over here. I really appreciate the fact that you'll you'll do the you'll get the hit the van whenever you're facing as an all the germs stick the patient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that would give that oh good, maybe. Have you done it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: ahead of him, not as a reaction but proactively like a giggle like a like a so glad you're here. I'm glad working with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it that you're so so good at this. I can turn my attention to doing blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Erin Smith: I have. Okay, but I don't know that I've done it with these texts, because they're a little bit newer so I don't, but I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Till you actually trust them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knows, I just thought cute notes.
Erin Smith: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting a little nosy
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually trust those texts, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe you don't. Yeah, I don't know, maybe they feel it.
Erin Smith: No, I don't really
Erin Smith: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so they feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know that thing I was talking about in the background about being liked
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that why you created this sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Friendly work environment. Do you know why you created
Erin Smith: That work.
Erin Smith: Well it did it because it's not so much about being liked because no i don't really hang out with them outside of work or anything like that. Um, it's more
Erin Smith: Just, I know I can't do my job without them, because it takes so many hands and they have a whole different skill set than I do. They have the technical skill set.
Erin Smith: And so it really had more I think to do with that that we needed to work as a team, as opposed to a
Erin Smith: Unpleasant work environment where it's like a dictatorship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I like to work more in the environment that you're creating because you talked about my my skill sets valued.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's not that you're better than me. I have skills that I am bringing that are valued and I value yours.
Erin Smith: I like that, but just
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, just notice you don't actually have that much confidence in a couple of these people.
Right, that's true.
Erin Smith: I do it a lot of them, but not in this particular group so
Gwenevere Abriel: If we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about boundaries again with these two. What are the two that you kind of don't have the confidence and their skill set just yet. What's their names.
Erin Smith: I'm Kyla, and Evan.
Oh,
Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: See where it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to keep talking to them. And I don't want to, or like where does this boundary come in, where is it a boundary issue for you at work with Kyla, and what's what's happening in there that it becomes a boundary issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back and reviewing and saying let's let's review and see if if you retained the training or not wanting to or like, I can't hear what the boundary issue is for them. Let's see if I can find it.
Erin Smith: Let me my issue is that it comes back to that these are the two perfectionist that just won't do things fast and so I can lose patience that way.
Erin Smith: And for whatever reason they just don't seem to, I don't know. They don't learn like my other technicians or they don't listen, I don't know, they did. No matter how many times we go through the need to do something fast, it's still just doesn't happen fast.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which do you think it is defiance or ignorance.
Erin Smith: I think it's more ignorance. I don't think that they do it on purpose. I know that they want to help.
Erin Smith: I mean, I don't know, maybe they learn differently. They don't. And part of it is also, um,
Erin Smith: They work with a bunch of different doctors in different doctors do things differently. A lot of the cases that I treat other doctors would use a nice so necessarily
Erin Smith: Okay, treat them all the TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you comfortable training retraining reviewing checking in and retraining Kyla and Eva.
Erin Smith: Yeah, I mean, that's what we've been working on it. I just feel like sometimes they get upset about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel when they're upset.
Erin Smith: Like I hate making them upset. I don't want to make somebody feel bad, it has, it doesn't really have to do with them liking me. It's more. I don't want
Erin Smith: Because I remember being a technician or an assistant working with doctors that were me and basically feeling small because they made you feel that way, you know,
Erin Smith: So I don't want to be somebody that does that to them because I remember how that felt
Erin Smith: And I try really hard not to word it in that way. I know that this can be hard and and I'll tell them I know that this is hard and I know you know you guys have to work with so many different doctors and it's hard to know what we're all going to ask for. And, you know, blah, blah, blah.
Erin Smith: I'm kind of wondering if they're not like verbal learners, because they just don't seem to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So if they're not right, then it's if they're sort of kinesthetic or tactile if they're experiential learners, then it's putting those examples of so I want to. I'm going to narrate
Gwenevere Abriel: The differential diagnosis between urgent and a critical lake or whatever your, your two things, or I don't know I'm making a pretty Shay versus just get the two in there, whether it's Harry at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even clean it, you know, whatever. Uh, you know where that line is they don't. So maybe it's like hey guys, this is a good learning opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's in right. Come here, come here, come here and showing. So right now, here's what I'm thinking I'm looking at this, I'm thinking about this and this and this and this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm making the decision in this can't wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. What do you think know
Erin Smith: Like yeah and that's
Erin Smith: That tried to do more of that, um, you know, that's kind of a hit and miss situation just because it depends on what comes in through the door so
Erin Smith: Um, but I think that's gonna, it's just going to take more time and they're going to have to learn that way. I think because
Erin Smith: Just verbal because I also just gone over past cases with them, you know, when I showed them the X rays and what I was thinking, and that kind of stuff. But I think unless they're actually having to do it with their hands it, it just, they don't retain it as much.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just really quick. How do you, what makes you think they're upset.
Erin Smith: They'll start to get a little bit snappy. Um, so they'll Kyla, especially will talk back a little bit, you know, like, I'll say, I'll ask, you know, is this so and so's blood work done. Yeah, and she'll snapback you know I'm going as fast as I can, or something like that. And I'm just asking.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just based on that little bit of information. It looks out here like an over identification, like the empathy. You might be lingering over there with the vulnerable child a little longer, right, that might be the boundary is and instead of meeting right that i'm a i'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A persecutor making someone feel small because you relate to that. Well, and you know you don't like it, meeting them as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: This takes consciousness. But maybe this model that we played out with these three interest psychic ego states, it may come to mind may remember it. And this is the way as a therapist. I do it so it would look like this.
You're capable
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at people as capable
Gwenevere Abriel: I respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their ability. I meet them there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see their capability, not just owner building. I see them as capable
Gwenevere Abriel: You may linger a little long with that when you meet them there as capable
Gwenevere Abriel: You got this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it, you got it. Yeah, I know there's there's competing priorities right now. Right now, believe it or not, the phone call that guy waiting this one. It's actually tip top
Gwenevere Abriel: But you meet them in their capability of handling their own emotions not going to feel it for them meeting them there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not the persecutor you're not hurting them.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the job they don't know how to prioritize critical care.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's ignorance.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're insecure. We already know that they're going to puff up with snappy, as we all do when we're feeling ignorant. We're going to use anger to keep you from asking us to do another thing that I don't really even know how to do stop asking me to do stuff. Maybe you'll back off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but if we say to ourselves, she's capable, she can do this, and if not, then we've got on the fact that she may not be. But she can hear as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your directive, but if you see her as small and and capable, it's this whole emotional like dynamic going on, geez. Now you're falling apart in front of me. I really need you to pull it together, lady, you know, right.
Erin Smith: Mm hmm. She
Gwenevere Abriel: Is responsible for herself. If they're not going to make it in this position, then they're just not that's that's for them. I know you're saying it in a respectful way I'm not worried about the how you're saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in their icon, a little something that looks like you're relating to the small, you're not making them feel bad.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're right at the top. Tell me a little bit. Aaron about. We did a lot of sort of cognitive behavioral discussion today and some role play a little different than the last couple sessions, what didn't. What are you, what are you noticing you come away with today.
Erin Smith: When I'm more optimistic about this weekend. I WAS KIND OF DREADING IT BECAUSE I hate the ship's. I really do. Just because I'm worried. What's going to happen with the cases I
Erin Smith: Hate the struggle with the technicians and but but going into it and just thinking they're capable and not worrying about what they're feeling I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it
Erin Smith: Will be helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to become an insensitive person. I'm not worried. You don't need to worry, either.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to speak, respectfully, you can count on that. That's the adults. It's not going to be this child will year and dodo bird, then you're not going to do that, you're not going to turn into this little petulant child. Right. But notice how you caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not defiance. I think they're ignorant and we all kind of like, I don't want to show that I don't know what I'm doing. I certainly don't want my boss is super smart to know either. So
Gwenevere Abriel: We put that all aside and we just say you got this. But right now I'm not, you know, I need this piece to happen this other part, it kind of falls, by the way, we'll get back to it in 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they really may not know how to prioritize
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm excited for you. I really am. I mean, yeah, you're a bad asked her.
Erin Smith: Little words I'm less apprehensive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, I mean it. I bet eventually they're going to just be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: In off, you know, not the intimidation, but in like, oh, I want to work with her. I mean, there's so many more things that they have to learn like once they can see that it's really about exposing themselves. I want to be on the shift with Aaron as much or
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. Smith as much as possible. I hope that they turn that around and really enjoy learning as much as they can from working with you. It sounds like they're going to be better for it.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you, do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to continue weekly or start to move to every other week. What do you want to do.
Erin Smith: Um, I don't know. What do you think I've been doing good. With me so far.
Erin Smith: I can go to every to
Erin Smith: You. I don't wanna
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to overwhelm because some of the sessions can be pretty intense. So I'm touching
Gwenevere Abriel: Ground here touchstone of, like, how you doing, like, is this like too intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or rather,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're at a good pace.
Erin Smith: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but you can change your mind at any time and say, yeah, I need, I need to saturate in Marin a longer in this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me. I'm really open to hearing it could also be checking in.
Erin Smith: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Book instead. Whoops. On March 10
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Providing it's not too windy.
Erin Smith: Yeah, I think it'll be
Erin Smith: The ones to be dying down so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I look forward to seeing you march 10 at 12pm
Erin Smith: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be good to
Erin Smith: You too. Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Saraniah Aston: Hello.
Saraniah Aston: Here I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here you are.
Saraniah Aston: Got a headache.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do, or I do
Saraniah Aston: You do. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no. So I do this very odd behavior where I flipped my head upside down, but it's to clear my ears. I'll be doing it a lot. Just, just laugh at me and ignore it. If you can
Saraniah Aston: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Get an air conditioned. I don't know what it's from
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, but it kind of looks like really lady, do you have to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but, yeah, you can laugh at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get into this database. It wasn't working earlier. So I want to make sure that we can open a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: While I'm doing that, if you don't mind. See if you can find a place to place this device kind of land it somewhere. Take your time shelf build up some books. Make a little sort of cocoon for it, whatever works for you.
Saraniah Aston: Let's see, I have something
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't look too promising.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like spinning don't like it when the wheels are spinning, it's not a good sign.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that
Saraniah Aston: And I'm not a very tech savvy person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't think I was either, but I feel like this this position right is sort of forcing me
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a little sharper sharp route it
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I never would have known bandwidth that taking video off, you have more bandwidth to hear the audio to I would have never thought about that stuff, but making me learn
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me a little bit about what this week has been like for you as far as that that emotional life has it felt steady has it felt like a roller coaster as it felt like
Gwenevere Abriel: More thing and not have another
Saraniah Aston: This week has been a complete roller coaster and mind blowing. Just recover you feature Hill. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's right, that friend.
Saraniah Aston: I have. Yeah. I have a friend.
Saraniah Aston: who I've known since I was like 16 years old and when I was in Israel like kind of fell in love with and all that stuff and
Saraniah Aston: Apparently, since 2016 actually had this girlfriend and he's lying to you until you're awful things about me and our mutual friends just horrible, horrible things about me saying all this stuff.
Saraniah Aston: And then she his girlfriend and wrote to me. And she was like, you can have them like I don't never wanted
Saraniah Aston: It.
Saraniah Aston: And then I saw pictures. She's like, You really Beats me. I was like, oh,
Saraniah Aston: So yeah, and so I lost a friend who I guess wasn't really different. And that was really hard.
Saraniah Aston: So I'm just like, I kind of just been like
Saraniah Aston: Inverting a little bit and I'm trying to get out of it. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm writing some notes and I wrote this phrase down just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote down
Gwenevere Abriel: Loss of illusion, like you had an idea of what was there and have you been spending time questioning yourself like how did I. How did I miss the signs. Did you go there at all.
Saraniah Aston: Like, how am I so stupid.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wasn't thinking that but but but loss of an illusion, like grieving.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah definitely like grieving. Yeah, losing somebody so grieving. Yeah, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Because I know that that person will never be in my life again. And that person with a support system. When I was at my
Saraniah Aston: My lowest points. You know, it was like automatic video chat. When I was in like crisis mode or something. He would pull me out of those dark places and to find out that he used those moments against me, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, this so I just had another thought like it undoes it unravels the memories that you're relying on it felt good and supportive and now you have to question those memories to
Saraniah Aston: Oh my god, all these memories. Just come flooding back. I'm like, so that and that and that was all goal or
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it's, it's kind of scary. It's like human beings are a little scary sometimes, especially when I let my guard down to, you know,
Saraniah Aston: That sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, do a little investigation right around that guard down. Can I ask a couple questions.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: During the guard down period.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you actively using or in significant emotional distress.
Saraniah Aston: Or both not using but insignificant emotional distress. Yes.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll have to push back. If I push too hard. Okay, you just say
Gwenevere Abriel: That ready
Saraniah Aston: Or to no one.
No one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know some of your stories. You know, I'm very curious about what emotional distress registers for you what those stories are if you want to put put a narrative to it. If you want to tell me I would love to know a little
Saraniah Aston: Well, there were times where I was, like, very
Saraniah Aston: Where I was suicidal and I had, I was very close to the edge and I would
Saraniah Aston: Let him know because he told me that he was my support system and he had been for such a long time so you know every time that happened I automatically get a video chat from him, and it would seem like there was just some angel looking out for me somewhere you know all that I had available.
Saraniah Aston: Because he was able to pull me out of it and and and
Saraniah Aston: Me buck up and
Saraniah Aston: change my mind completely, and just and now that's gone.
Saraniah Aston: But I also feel a little bit a real nice.
Saraniah Aston: If that's who this person really really is in the end of everything.
Saraniah Aston: I guess I don't I don't want that. So I maybe I'm not as the blessing and the sky sooner than better sooner than later is better tape thing. Sure, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: It just takes a lot of processing.
Saraniah Aston: Like getting depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That yeah um
Gwenevere Abriel: It's making me think about this concept of
Gwenevere Abriel: I must be really dry over here in Florida, which is weird. My lips are chapped all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's making me think about
Gwenevere Abriel: This phenomenon of all or nothing. It's making me sort of think
Saraniah Aston: About
Gwenevere Abriel: A person is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they're dangerous. It's this. I've got to sort of have this this image or there right a threat. I don't know whether that's happening or not, but it's making me think about it and wondering if
Gwenevere Abriel: At the end of this process after you process it and you grieve through through right that's the difference between actively using
Saraniah Aston: You're going to have to wade through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Saraniah Aston: We'll have to go through
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't go out
Saraniah Aston: But let's say after yeah I mean there's no
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. But you know what's interesting
You can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can remember it in a way
Gwenevere Abriel: That appeals to you. I know that seems really kooky. But what let's say as a brainstorm as just a an alternative way of remembering history.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if instead of denial
Gwenevere Abriel: And saying that wasn't that wasn't real like having a pull the ground out from under the all that history. What if
Gwenevere Abriel: Just another idea because your happiness is the most important thing that you have access to feeling good and enjoying your day and this one's wiping you out rights getting you depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that really happened. I really was close to dying. And this man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said something got me out of it and I'm here today and I'm grateful to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the difference between all and nothing all or nothing is it's it's not, comma, but it's and that's amazing that someone could be that effective and also have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Demo in morality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's an and
Gwenevere Abriel: They say, You're right, both
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. You mean like
Saraniah Aston: Taking what I had from those moments and those experiences.
And
Saraniah Aston: Appreciating for what they were and for getting out of those situations and kind of like leaving them there instead of just obliterating
Gwenevere Abriel: That part, yes. But there's another piece to it that has to do with a bigger, more current evaluation. It has to do with what if it turns out people are not just one thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: People are deeply selfish sometimes and sometimes they go through long periods of being selfish and and callous and other times they can be generous or they may go through a transformation and they're almost unrecognisably generous that people change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really, it will come down to
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I feel at any given time around any of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you don't have to throw out the fact that you had a missed assessment you missed assigned media wasn't that many
Gwenevere Abriel: You were spot on the piece that this man had to give was in that extreme range of life or death, and he can be there for you in that way, who could be a friend in that way and you took it in and smartly you let it in
Gwenevere Abriel: But you may not like being around him now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because you're not in that significant distress, where you're distracted by all this other stuff. You now have all your wits about you and you can see things
Clearly,
Saraniah Aston: Right yeah I don't you mean he doesn't have the place anymore work he needs to rescue me so
Saraniah Aston: Are from suicidal and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so we're you know his, his space and relevance in your life might just just be outdated and
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need that from the friendship. What you need is honesty. Right. Um, the, the, the, the honor of the word meaning we we don't just say random things and throw them out there. We don't gossip. I don't like gossip. He seems to gossip. I don't want to be around it. It turns out
Gwenevere Abriel: That right I'm changing. And what I tolerate that's changing. I don't really want to be around someone like that, instead of going back
Gwenevere Abriel: And taking away this tapestry of your life that you've put together right pulling the string know right this, this is beautiful. Now, this is part of the history
Gwenevere Abriel: And just sort of being in that I feel grateful I wasn't registering maybe some other things because maybe you were in such distress. Those nuance subtle things maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: He's good at hiding it or maybe no one could have noticed it. Or maybe you didn't notice because you were in so much distress. We have myopic right we're like this when we're in that much distress. We can't see this
Saraniah Aston: We get like that. Yeah, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just give me something to climb out of this hell that I'm in right just
Saraniah Aston: Give me something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to climb out and he gave it to you. And that's, we can be grateful for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess my concern is that he is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not all bad. It's just, he did that. That's part of history and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not pulling the string out. It's part of the tapestry.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, yeah. Because you're probably right. Actually,
Gwenevere Abriel: My concern was a questioning of yourself. I, I guess I want for you to to not unravel and have self doubt that, as if there's some flood thing and you like you can't read people or something. I, I guess I hoped that wasn't going on. Was there a little bit of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Huh.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, a little bit of like withdrawing and
Saraniah Aston: introverted, a little bit and just hiding out in my own little cocoon. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I guess it was really it was just shocking and embarrassing and all kinds of things. So, not knowing how to deal with all those emotions at once, and just
Saraniah Aston: Revert into myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, put it, just put a little plug in all the input, you know. Let's, um, let me deal with the stuff I've already got. Let me process. This
Saraniah Aston: Before more comes in.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, basically. Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you do
Saraniah Aston: With sometimes
With embarrassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about how he's misbehaved right he didn't act outside your moral values and moral compass, but you're the one that's embarrassed. Tell me more about why you're embarrassed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confused.
Saraniah Aston: Because those moments where I was in extreme distressed and pain.
Saraniah Aston: Were to say spread all over the place in a different painted in such a different light than how it actually was. And when I wasn't in our crazy. I was in team so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah, you know that. So, tell me again. I know this. This may seem like I'm I'm playing dumb and a part of this is deliberate right
Gwenevere Abriel: So hang in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still don't understand why you are embarrassed. What did you do
Gwenevere Abriel: That you would have done differently.
Saraniah Aston: Really
Saraniah Aston: The wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't you you wanted to live and you took that little rope that he let down
Gwenevere Abriel: And that goes
Out.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah yeah
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I didn't really do anything wrong at all.
Until
Gwenevere Abriel: You are smart. You saw resource, even in that much distress, you could see it. I can tell this man right just, I just need
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of this pain and somehow he did this bucket thing and I know strengths are real important word like in some of the imagery, you've shared so right. It's the strength. So he was somehow able to remind you of your strength somehow
Saraniah Aston: He found
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to remind you
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a whole bunch of stuff you probably right. Don't want to be around.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of things I don't know to and they don't wanna know. It's okay, I can do without it. Oh yeah, are just, I wrote a thing. I said, and I wrote that I, yeah, I was really hurt because I
Saraniah Aston: I
Saraniah Aston: Cherish though that friendship and but however I am going to move on now.
Saraniah Aston: I wish you the best and goodbye. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I hear you say something about
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: In Israel fell in love, a little bit. Did I miss here that just said little
Saraniah Aston: No, no, no. It is real. Yeah, we were video chatting every single day at one point he wanted to come us going to use planning on coming in visiting me and
Saraniah Aston: One day, that just all fell through. I don't know what happened but he had become
Saraniah Aston: Like different like kind of like snappy, a little bit and trying it just seemed like he was trying to sabotage the situation.
Saraniah Aston: Because maybe it was too much, or maybe he was caught up in life is or I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So that happened, and we didn't talk for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there was no in between.
Saraniah Aston: Those
Saraniah Aston: Two years of no talking until
Saraniah Aston: He came back and apologize for that, which I have already forgotten about like, Oh yeah, that's right. You did it hurt me, but I forgot about it so
Saraniah Aston: Moving on. I mean, we were younger, I guess, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that help
Gwenevere Abriel: How close is embarrassment right now versus when we first were talking
Saraniah Aston: A little, little less. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I mean,
Saraniah Aston: I just realized I enjoying me wrong. Yeah, I didn't do anything wrong. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, another step another another piece of imagery
But
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The people that he was gossiping. I use gossip in a really broad way it's
Gwenevere Abriel: unflattering or, you know, I'm trying to be interesting. So I'm talking about other people's misfortune. Like I call all of that gossiping. I kind of do this big sweep.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, no, it's gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're saying the same language. So
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm a consumer and I'm listening to this guy gossip about you and calling you crazy. I gotta tell you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to want to be his friend. I'm not going to find him trust where they because he's
Gwenevere Abriel: He's just respecting the the sanctity of that friendship, will you, you said you helped her she almost died. Like, I don't understand why you're calling are crazy. I wouldn't want to be his friend, I wouldn't trust him. I never not one time as a consumer of his gossip thought
Gwenevere Abriel: She's an idiot I not one time I never did. I was thinking, oh, this guy's not trustworthy. So the people that he's doing that with
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. They've got some choices to make their kind of
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, and his girlfriend did make a choice, and she cited like
Saraniah Aston: She did that exact same thing that what you were saying she was like
Saraniah Aston: This girl doesn't, it doesn't seem like she knows the total whole truth or anything fair to her.
Saraniah Aston: She reached out to me and she asked me two questions, I answered all our questions.
Saraniah Aston: And at the end of the conversation we both realized that there have been a bunch of lies and
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: The good thing that came out of it was that we both ended up her. She and I ended up feeling better together now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he is the one that is sort of misbehaving.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, yeah. But a lot of people don't know that a lot of people will think of him is like this.
Saraniah Aston: God like musician and, you know, they'll, they'll listen to his gossip, or his whatever he spreads.
Saraniah Aston: So, but then again.
Saraniah Aston: I guess those people. I really don't. I'm not really associated with them. Anyways, yeah, it's from a different life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different journey, different, different paths. Who knows their problem to work it out right all that. Notice how many hours or minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: That took from your life, spending time out there, analyzing what's, what am I going to, how am I going to what's going to be the summary of what just happened. My going to land on embarrassment stay on that, you know, you spent energy and time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he just sort of that time.
Saraniah Aston: No, I don't think so yeah I don't either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Well that image of you know that I had, as well as all the other girls in the world of that kind of walk God artist thing is pretty much gone now. And I used to always think you'd wake lower than me in every way. And that's kind of gone now. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Now once our eyes are open right that illusion number we were saying earlier, the loss, the grief of an illusion. It's gone. Once we can see you're not going to go back and you're not going to have that same moment again with him. It's
Saraniah Aston: That's part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that moment in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really glad he was there for you.
We wouldn't be talking today.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for all his faults. He had that he had that to give okay fine doesn't mean he's capable of all of these other rich intimate honest relationships, but he had that
Saraniah Aston: That's true, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what about you, let's say you don't have to spend any more time on that. I want to hear about what you do want to do
Saraniah Aston: Well, I'm on Thursday I finally got
Saraniah Aston: I'm MOVERS AND I'M MOVING INTO MY FIRST PLACE ON MY OWN me. I've never really lived alone before. So my first time.
Saraniah Aston: So I'm really excited about that a little scared but but really excited. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna like about it.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, just having my own
Saraniah Aston: Face. I mean, I'm staying with my mom right now and we're just not meant to live together we fight all the time. It's really bad so
Saraniah Aston: I guess it's kind of like I feel like it's a bit of like an escape and also an opportunity
Saraniah Aston: To just continue this whole starting over from scratch type thing that I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: So I'm excited and I'm excited to get out there and we meet people, stuff like that. I think the first couple of nights when I'm alone. I'm going to get a little difficult lives, Gary.
Saraniah Aston: But if I just decorated enough to make it look homey for me than I do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Gwenevere Abriel: How comfortable are you talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: The dynamics between you and your mother. How comfortable are you just touching on it a little bit.
Saraniah Aston: It's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I, I'd love to know because for a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: That particular dynamic that particular pattern, sometimes there's a real theme that can help in the healing process that can happen here with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd love to know is there, like, like how does it go when you guys fight like what is it has it happened.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, well,
Saraniah Aston: My mom will
Saraniah Aston: Her so she'll get upset or whatever. And I will never know about it and it builds and builds and it hides it and hides it and hides it builds and it can can be coming from all different directions. My brother stress coming from wherever
Saraniah Aston: And it builds and until she lips.
Saraniah Aston: Lips on me.
Saraniah Aston: It's like a completely different person with a completely different tone of voice Yeah, really, really harsh on me. And when I'm in a very fragile state. So it's very painful because
Saraniah Aston: She is very aware of my friends that I am fragile right now. And then I am fighting and sometimes I feel like down. That's my mom, you know, she should know hopefully like not to use those things like against me and cause me more pain or shame or
Saraniah Aston: Stuff like that. So she has just freaks out on me and you know yells at me told me to shut up and go away and it's just like there's sobbing and more sob. The more she seems to get annoyed with it and it's just like I'm helpless at that moment.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, because that's my mom, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The duration that it takes for the build up. Are we talking about months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weeks eight days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And dis your and sometimes we don't know our stories of our, our family. Do you know if that's kind of the model that she had of communication, like maybe she was taught ladies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. They don't speak their truth. They just shush, and they kind of take a second tier level to everyone else. There are people pleasers and also men.
Saraniah Aston: Okay. I think so because I know that on Facebook. I mean, how many times have I deleted my phone from Facebook. It's ridiculous.
Saraniah Aston: But I know that when I like a hurry and stuff like that. Like, everything looks peachy and flowering and
Saraniah Aston: Everybody's happy and smiling and it's not really quite the truth because it's obvious that she's
Saraniah Aston: Building up I'm getting ready to pop. At some point, so
Saraniah Aston: It's really frustrating. Yeah. It's a different way.
Saraniah Aston: It's a different generation. Yeah, I guess.
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's not only the generation, but it's
Gwenevere Abriel: More significant events that may have taught her not to to communicate openly and assertively
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Saraniah Aston: I just know I can't change them myself. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's better off thinking she may never change, right, because it's our parents. And so it's not our job to make them change and better to just move out.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I mean when things are good, good. We laugh, we, you know, go shopping together. You know, sometimes I feel like she tries to make up for things by maybe boiling me a little bit here and there.
Saraniah Aston: Which is kind of like twisted, but it's like also like okay
It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. Sometimes the love language like how how we exchange. It is the commodity of privilege of material things when we're not great at expressing it through praise and you know affection.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not uncommon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we decided we'll all accept your delivery as love
Saraniah Aston: I'll take it in that
Saraniah Aston: I'm trying to. Yeah, that's what I'm trying to do, because that's what she has to offer.
So,
Saraniah Aston: So I guess she came in, just with this big TV and I was just like,
Saraniah Aston: I don't even know what
Saraniah Aston: She got at me like, why can't you even take TV so I'm grateful and
Saraniah Aston: Like, Mom. I don't want the TV. I want my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But see how you can at least say that part. I mean, it would be nice, you know, if she had that emotional availability.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you kind of want right is the nurturing or
Saraniah Aston: Not that much. Yeah, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of that may take another shape. Another opportunity with a little bit of distance. So you there might be some new opportunities when the pressure of walking through the hall and the kitchen and you know when you're not right up on each other some change might happen there.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still want to know a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Around
Gwenevere Abriel: What she holding back with your brother. What she holding back with you. What is she not saying to other people, that's building up
Saraniah Aston: Well, well, I guess, how you get like in example like my brother, for example, is very
Saraniah Aston: He's very he's in a very like unhealthy.
Saraniah Aston: Mental place right now and he's very, very difficult and demanding and sometimes it can be cruel and
Saraniah Aston: It's really upsetting. And she asked that she deals with it and
Saraniah Aston: I'm imagining that can like
Saraniah Aston: Build up and build up and I'm the closest thing.
Saraniah Aston: To her, and she knows how to she's like the only person in the world who has this certain power over me.
Saraniah Aston: That can just completely destroy me. And so it's sometimes I feel like she knows that and
Saraniah Aston: There I am. So she might as well just to get it out, but she maybe she doesn't mean to do it to me.
Saraniah Aston: To like brutalize me but with words.
Saraniah Aston: But she doesn't anyways.
Saraniah Aston: She's using sorry afterwards. Usually I don't get an actual sorry but I can start to see it. Like she she forgets she just kind of sweep it under the rug and goes back to her old self. The other self, the mom ish type
Gwenevere Abriel: This demanding and cruel behavior of your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were the parent
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you not repress. How would you not stuff things down, what might you do, do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: If your son was demanding and cruel. Would you know what to do with someone you know setting boundaries and limits. I have no idea what I'm talking about right now because I don't know what he's doing. But I'm trying to find out.
Saraniah Aston: If I were heard
Saraniah Aston: Yet handle it.
Saraniah Aston: completely differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do, what would you do
Saraniah Aston: I would set up boundaries. Yeah. And if you know
Saraniah Aston: He were to just called screaming and cursing.
Saraniah Aston: Hang up the phone.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: You know, tell him. That's not going to happen anymore. And if he wants to speak me
Saraniah Aston: Then he'll speak to me like a like a human being with respect
Saraniah Aston: But I guess that's hard for maybe a mom, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Is just curious, is there is there substance use involved with brother.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, there was there. He just
Saraniah Aston: He was on pills. I don't know what pills, but opiates and he just quit cold turkey. So, oh yeah, pleasant.
Saraniah Aston: The he's a boy, he does everything his way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Recent as in last month, or even more recent
Saraniah Aston: About know that recent within the last month.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I see. But one thing is, come on, that whole situation is
Saraniah Aston: Suddenly my brother's calling me now and talking to me, which is he has never done because he's never really had too much respect for me.
Saraniah Aston: My like wild behavior moms in my 20s and in my teens and he doesn't really know what I've been through and everything that's gone on.
Saraniah Aston: In this past like 10 years that I was in Israel and that I did, actually. I grew up in Israel, and I came back, different not so
Saraniah Aston: You know, I came back with with appreciation for myself and I didn't have that he's never seen that. And I never allowed him to see anything like that so
Saraniah Aston: It's like suddenly he's kind of seeing me differently. And he calls me and he actually is like, you know, ask me questions and engages in conversation, and it's awesome that he comes to me for advice and so
Saraniah Aston: That's cool, too. I gained a little bit of a brother and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and but that happened after he
Came off.
And you got cloud.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah yeah I'm
Saraniah Aston: Like two weeks ago I went and visited him in LA.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: He was in like the last stages of getting off of it. And, you know, I've been going through the shakes and everything like that. And I got him out of the house and we walked around downtown bid on out and
Saraniah Aston: Yeah I understood where he was and you know like that he was stupid doing it that way. But I was proud of him. Anyways, like, Okay. Your way or the highway. I get it.
Saraniah Aston: Now he's doing he's starting to do better. He's his mind is getting clearer and you know so nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So yeah, you can see the upside. So I'm hearing that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're able to see the positive of this and maybe when when I do that in group or individual therapy when I talk about the addict versus the authentic self, you're actually talking with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfortunately, it sounds like your mom is talking to the attic right that I can't tell. I don't know. But those weeks before the, how could you the guilt trips or whatever it was that he was trying to leverage in desperation to keep the flow of resources way probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That wasn't really your brother.
Saraniah Aston: No, no.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: He's got
Saraniah Aston: His own anger issues with my mom.
Saraniah Aston: I can't, I don't really know what they are.
Saraniah Aston: Um, but I'm I understand so
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if you guys have similar awareness is because it doesn't it seem like
Gwenevere Abriel: Her love language is the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: To him to like it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like TELLING YOU, I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SHOW YOU affection nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: I just either sacrifice everything and get mad or I, right. Like, I wonder if he's resentful sort of maybe for a similar dynamic. Maybe you guys have more in common, and you'll find that out as you continue to talk to each other. I wonder
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's what I'm hoping for is for the relationship to get even closer know that or or older. And you know he's in his 40s, AND I'M ALMOST 40 and I'm ready for that and
Saraniah Aston: So yeah, maybe we'll get closer, and I'll end up having like a brother, you know, I mean, I have one. But, I mean, one that
Saraniah Aston: knows me
Gwenevere Abriel: A friend.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's really cool. Well, I'm glad for you. I hope he continues down that road.
Saraniah Aston: And my daddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And my guess is if it goes back to maybe the other way of of trading you it might be a sign that he might be using again.
Saraniah Aston: You know, if we read
Gwenevere Abriel: We pick up by not following through. We pick up on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Borrowing money and in sort of this manipulative behavior that he might be using again, that doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, and then it's not this rejecting of your brother is rejecting of the addict. It's like, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that you're not around the attics, making the decisions and the Alex treating me with disrespect and I all recognize you when you're back, man.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, absolutely. And when he if he were to go back. He. I mean, he would tell me right away. You just junkie and off. Yeah. So I would
Saraniah Aston: Do it. So, but, yeah, I would just have to back away and distance myself a bit. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah distance
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, aside from
Gwenevere Abriel: MOM WHO sounds like a little bit emotionally unavailable, and you're just starting to get a little bit from your brother. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this time in your life about sort of the self growth and really getting in touch with you meeting your own needs, that kind of thing. And then going back out into the world and developing those friendships that maybe are based on on things that are more sustaining
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason why I'm saying all this has to do with if there's anyone else. So to on the horizon that is emotionally available to you kind of what I'm getting at.
Saraniah Aston: Hmm.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know.
Saraniah Aston: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice right because you notice, I'd be nice to have a mom like when you say that
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem. Right. You mean the nurturing. So I'm assuming, like unconditional just listen to me and accept me and be there for me and like that kind of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, no, I don't really have
Saraniah Aston: Anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's going to come your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that as you spend more and more time alone and you find it in yourself. The interest psychic way like
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I being unconditionally loving to myself, do I even know what that is. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm pretty critical
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, how good am I added that I want someone else to give it to me. Hey, to work on that, you know, so cultivating that skill within and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you're going to draw that into your life.
Saraniah Aston: I mean I'm planning on it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah I plan on opening my life to
Saraniah Aston: You know, looking for
Saraniah Aston: Now really good people. So over people
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take some time now and
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of look back just sort of, you know, as if it's sort of this film strip of
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe different things that you experience throughout today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take your time and just sort of watch it happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's really landing for you that you want to continue to think about to sit with a little longer or
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's none of that. Maybe it's something else just
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to what came up, important for you today.
Saraniah Aston: So I really
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels good, doesn't it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: It's not easy, but yet this feel good ultimately
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what happened in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That made that possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you did, make that possible.
Saraniah Aston: You just opened up a bed.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Vulnerability
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So it's been tough.
Saraniah Aston: For the last week but and I really mean.
Saraniah Aston: It to get better.
Saraniah Aston: So they're making me
Saraniah Aston: Move and
Saraniah Aston: Confidence and not viral
You're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in it. You're doing it. This is how we start it's
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to do the therapeutic intervention. So I want to do with you. You're going to have to trust your therapist, you're doing it, you're testing me you're putting a little bit of vulnerability out there. How do I handle it will I judge you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I be trusted. This is a really reasonable start
Saraniah Aston: Uh huh.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get to find out your strength to are you noticing that are you right each time, you're like huh. Are you noticing how strong you are like hey I did that just fine. I you noticing.
Saraniah Aston: A little bit by little by little, I am yeah actually
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those little bits count.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, yeah, they do. Apparently,
Saraniah Aston: I am more aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything
Gwenevere Abriel: You need more for me less. For me, we need to fine tune something. Are you ready for something more intense less than 10. What do you need from from our work.
Saraniah Aston: I think we're doing good. I think it's getting a little bit more intense and I'm I think I'm handling it. So, I mean, I'm ready. That's fine.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, it's not like the first time meeting somebody and you know being scared it's like we've gone through some stuff. So I'm way, way, way more comfortable.
Saraniah Aston: We can only push them much further.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well great, then we'll do that. I've got some ideas of some direction to go. And you can always kind of pull back a little bit, you know, and
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of let me know that was a lot. I need to sit with this a little longer, you can always do that with me. I'm not gonna not going to be offended. You've got to always be paying attention what feels like too much right that edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to grow. I want to grow have to stretch those emotional muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't want to collapse. I don't want to have to completely disassociate from it or act out only you know where that line is I can kind of keep a little eye on it but you got to really pay attention to where that that edge is for you where growth is, but it's not too much.
Saraniah Aston: Right, okay.
Saraniah Aston: All right. Yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you are welcome. I noticed I didn't hear that you were in any kind of distress. You're more than welcome. I will keep saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can send a little message out because notice I asked, Who else is on the horizon. That's emotionally available to
Gwenevere Abriel: In these early phases. If you don't have like fellowship in your life. Some people have church or they like I found the a sponsor and na like fantastic they can actually go to your house, you can have coffee with them. It's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: But most people don't have that they're having to shed all these what used to be these friendships are really based on partying. Oh. And so there's this real isolation moment, it can take a long time to re reconnect with people that are trustworthy right into your circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't want you to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Suffering alone. So if you need to send a quick kind of message out to me today sucks.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, just anything test it out. See if it feels like a waste of your time. Or if you like knowing someone's they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that they're there, they're not going to ask for anything fact I'm not going to twist it around. I'm not going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Much right because I've told you it's kind of one way
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll probably right. I'll say to you need to meet and zoom and then you'll probably say, No, I'm good. Just needed to kind of share that might be all it is, but the fact that you can, the fact that there's another human being out there that cares about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be all that's needed when we're in our deep well if we start to go in that dark place. Do you know what I'm you know what I'm talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's different to have somebody with that lifeline somebody that I could reach out. I could but don't deny yourself that
Saraniah Aston: You can send a
Gwenevere Abriel: Message and just see how it feels. And that'll be the next space where we can do some exploration. You can come in and say, I thought about it. Once I didn't do it, that'll be interesting for us. We could talk about. I
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I did it, but I didn't like your response I wanted more and you have reached out to me cut in the early the early phase.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was different. Right. It was this other sort of thing. And now it might just be lifeline, or I need someone to just say today's a crap day
Saraniah Aston: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to just to hear somebody, somebody cares. It doesn't want anything back
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't tonight. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little. Okay. A little emoji if you want
Saraniah Aston: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet.
Saraniah Aston: So, let us go
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I love texting for that. I love that technology is available that we can just do a little, just a little
Every
Gwenevere Abriel: I have kept that space of 11 o'clock on Tuesdays. I've been kind of protecting it as yours and not booking other people thinking that you still like that. And that might change if you start going to school or working or whatever. And then we'll adjust but
Saraniah Aston: Each week, okay. It seems to be good right now. Sure. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll stick with that so march 10 at 11am I will see them.
Saraniah Aston: All right, Glenn. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome. Is there. Do you need medication.
Saraniah Aston: No, I've got it. I'll pick it up.
Saraniah Aston: By happens to be like flipping out or something or if need to. I'll just send you a text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go find out how that feels. See if you like it just being able to say my mom's trippin or I'm starting to, you know what I mean something where you just feel like you can kind of vent a little
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, okay. I will
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll talk to you soon. Bye.
Bye.